Ms. Jessica Peterson is a part-time Instructor Flight Test Engineer for the
        USAF Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) and a current PhD student and
        Research Assistant for the Mechanical Engineering Department at the
        University Nevada Reno. She has over 18 years of flight test experience on
        fighter, bomber, and autonomous vehicles. As a graduate and instructor of
        USAF TPS, she has directed hundreds of control room missions, instructed
        150+ flight test and space test professionals at USAF TPS, and flown in over
        40 different aircraft types with over 500 military flight hours in primarily the
        T-38, F-16, and C-12 aircraft.</p>
        <p>Ms. Peterson began her career as a DoD Civil Service employee in 2005 and
            attended US Air Force Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) as a civilian Flight Test
            Engineer in 2017. She has served in various engineering capacities including
            RQ-4 Guidance and Control Test Engineer, F-16 Flight Sciences Lead,
            Special Projects Flight Technology Lead, B-2 Flight Test Engineer, and
            USAF TPS Test Foundations Technical Expert. The highlight of her career
            was when she got to shake the hand of a pilot whose life was saved by a system she helped develop and test, the F-16
            Automatic Ground Collision Avoidance System.</p>
        <p>Prior to returning to graduate school, Ms. Peterson was the Technical Director for the 412th Operations Group at
            Edwards Air Force Base, California. She provided technical oversight for the Air Force's largest Flight Test Operations
            Group, responsible for a $40M flight hour budget and developmental test and evaluation of over 300 test programs on
            76 aircraft of 12 different types. Additionally, she was an Assistant Professor and Instructor Flight Test Engineer at
            USAF TPS, instructing the foundational elements to plan, conduct, and report on developmental test programs. She
            instructed a diverse range of topics in the classroom, laboratory, control room and in the airborne environment. In this
            position she was responsible for course development and instruction of 15 advanced engineering courses to 75+ test
            professional students annually.